[Autogenerated] Let's do a quick review of how we got here after
learning a bit about AWS Relational database service,
and that we can use 750 hours a month with that freak
here we created a new database instance,
which is essentially a database server.
Using the toolkit I chose Sequel Server expresses the engine,
and it was important to choose options that are covered by the free tier.
Specifically, that the compute instance.
Size is micro and the storage is 20 gigs.
We define this toe also create a new virtual private cloud.
And remember, a VPC is a logically isolated section of AWS is cloud.
Then we needed to be sure that that VPC was publicly accessible.
That is, it can be accessed from outside of AWS that's still behind a firewall.
So the tool kit made sure that my local I p was allowed through.
The only other significant choice was to avoid automated backups so
that it wouldn't had extra time to the creation.
And once I fired it off,
it took about 10 minutes for that DB instance to be ready,
and once it was ready,
we looked at some of the options from managing it from the tool kit as well
as more options for managing it in the console online.
And finally we had a little fun connecting to the
database instance inside of Visual Studio,
where we saw the system databases.
Then I opened it up in Azure Data Studio and created a
new test database inside that instance.
Now, with the DB instance ready and waiting will use it for our data.
Persistence in an s p dot net core a p I,
which will then deploy to the AWS cloud.
Here are links to relevant resource is including some that
I explicitly mentioned in this module.
I'm Julie Lierman and thanks again for watching fundamentals of building dot net applications on AWS.